# Week-4-Homework Instructions

Watch the demo. https://github.com/UCF-Coding-Boot-Camp/UCFVW201802FSF2-Class-Repository-FSF/blob/master/homework/week-04/instructions/homework_demos/crystalsCollector_demo.mp4

The player will have to guess the answer, just like in Hangman. This time, though, the player will guess with numbers instead of letters.

Here's how the app works:

There will be four crystals displayed as buttons on the page.
    **For Loop to Generate Crystals and their random values with Math Floor**

The player will be shown a random number at the start of the game.
    Var for Player Score
    **Random Number Generated by a Function, with Math Floor**

When the player clicks on a crystal, it will add a specific amount of points to the player's total score.
    **Add value assigned to button to score with math function**

Your game will hide this amount until the player clicks a crystal.
When they do click one, update the player's score counter.
The player wins if their total score matches the random number from the beginning of the game.
    **If Statement to determine the win and increment win counter**

The player loses if their score goes above the random number.
    **If statement to determine the loss, increment loss counter, and kick of reset function**

The game restarts whenever the player wins or loses.
    **Restart logic to create new crystals (and values), new player score, and new number to match**

When the game begins again, the player should see a new random number. Also, all the crystals will have four new hidden values. Of course, the user's score (and score counter) will reset to zero.
The app should show the number of games the player wins and loses. To that end, do not refresh the page as a means to restart the game.

Option 1 Game design notes
The random number shown at the start of the game should be between 19 - 120.(driven by math floor)

Each crystal should have a random hidden value between 1 - 12.(driven by math floor)

#Additional Documentation

*